Smart energy
plays a key role –
in securing a clean,
Low-carbon future.
We must quickly cut down
carbon dioxide emissions –
from energy production.
Finland's target is
that by 2030 –
more than 55% of energy use
will be based on renewable energy.
Increasing the use of
renewable energy requires –
a flexible power grid
that supports decentralised –
energy generation and
enables a steady energy supply.
We want to give consumers
a smart grid that is: –
sustainable, reliable,
flexible and affordable.
Why test this new kind of
a power grid in Finland?
Finland has an
open energy market.
We already use the
latest technology.
Smart Otaniemi is an open
testing environment for –
new ideas and collaborations.
The ecosystem of 60+ partners
is working hard –
to enable climate neutral
cities by 2030.
Smart Otaniemi partner network
creates innovations and utilizes –
state-of-the-art research.
We are piloting new solutions
and business models.
Intelligent electric
car charging solutions.
Neighbourhood hybrid energy systems.
World's cleanest waste collections.
And many other new ideas!
Let's make smart energy come true!
smartotaniemi.fi